Add section: Handling massdata via submodeldescriptors (#1169)
eclipse-tractusx/eclipse-tractusx.github.io: docs-kits/kits/Industry Core Kit/Software Development View/page_digital-twins.mdx

> :raised_hand: **Unique ID Push:** Once a digital twin was registered (initially created), optionally a Unique ID Push notification can be send from the manufacturer (creator of the digital twin) to the customer of the part to inform it that a new digital twin is available.

> ### Property specificAssetIds

Reviewer: Not sure, if you're already at this specific point, but you need to define process / quality task twins somewhere. Some Ideas for that, below

This paragraph needs to be divided and enhanced by multiple twins. Currently following CX-0126 and CX-0127 the `PartType` and `PartInstance` is given. 

I would see the cut as follows:

- Extend CX-0002 / DT KIT by the mass transfer capabilities with normative interface and asset definition
- Provide an additional Industry Core Standard "ProcessTwin" 

Question: This is "just a KIT change" to first provide documentation to adopters and then extend the standards right? I'm currently wondering where and how to put it, because we're discussing a quality task twin but generally we need mass transfer AND a new type of twins. The first should be in the Quality KIT and the latter in the Industry Core KIT. For the Industry Core this likely is a new standard as the process twin is something new.

Two ways to go in terms of specific asset ids:

## Quality Task Twin

_Assumumption: Exchange of 1 QualityTask between 1 customer and 1 manufacturer only_

Based on [my idea](https://github.com/FraunhoferISST/Quality-Use-Case-Demonstration?tab=readme-ov-file#digital-twins) + our discussion:

- `digitalTwinType` = `QualityTask`
- `catenaxId/globalAssetId/qualityTaskId/intrinsicId` = ID of respective quality task
- `manufacturerId`
- `customerId`

*Question: Do manufacturerId and customerId make really sense?* 
If I want to to track down a quality issue, 

1. Does the OEM provide car information (he's the manufacturer) and the supplier provides the e.g. control unit information (he's the manufacturer, and the OEM the customer)? This would flip common IC conventions*.
2. Do both partners refer to the part same as in IC?

Based on what I read here:

- `digitalTwinType` = `Process`
- `processType` = `QualityTask` (would be more "IndustryCoreish")
- `catenaxId/globalAssetId/qualityTaskId/intrinsicId` = ID of respective quality task / process (intrinsicId makes more sense)
- `manufacturerId`
- `customerId`

  - `dspEndpoint`: Base URL of the [catalog service](https://docs.internationaldataspaces.org/ids-knowledgebase/v/dataspace-protocol/catalog/catalog.binding.https#id-2.1-prerequisites) endpoint of a DSP Connector. The consumer Connector can use:
    - `catalog/request` to fetch the full catalog and search for the dataset in the catalog or
    - `catalog/datasets/{id}` to only fetch offers for the dataset with a particular dataset ID.
  - `id`: The ID of the Connector asset for which a contract negotiation should be intiated. This ID is also called dataset ID as it is stored as `https://www.w3.org/ns/dcat/dataset.@id` in a catalog entry. This ID must be set by the data provider when creating the asset. Do not confuse this Connector asset ID (dataset ID) with other IDs that might be defined additionally for a Connector asset, e.g., `https://w3id.org/edc/v0.0.1/ns/id` (often refered to as `edc:id`).

With this approach, the Connector asset structure must no longer follow the "one asset per submodel" rule (as in Release 3.1 and before), but gives data providers more flexibility how to create assets for their digital twins and submodels based on how they use `{providerPath}`.

> #### Option 1: Same Connector Asset Structure as in Release 3.1

Reviewer 2: Release 3.1 of what exactly? CX-0002?

6. `Consumer` starts negotiation/transfer process and provide their own bucket information:

```json
 {
   "edc:dataDestination": {
     "edc-type": "Cloud type e.g. AmazonS3",
     "edc:bucket": "<consumer-bucket>",
     "edc:keyName": "<file-name>",
     "edc:accessKeyId":"<access-key-id>",
     "edc:secretAccessKey":"<secretAccessKey>"
   }
 }
```

7. `Provider` retrieve the request and download the requested aasx file from bucket and upload it to the consumer bucket.
8. `Consumer` can download the file from their own bucket.

**SubmodelDescriptor for aasx  file (Parquet Data - via File Transfer)**

> ⚠ **Hint:**
> Since the Cloud2Cloud file transfer is an asynchronous call and the consumer only triggers the process via EDC, the workflow cannot currently be fully represented in the submodel descriptors.
> An issue has already been created with the IDTA to extend the submodel descriptor so that an asynchronous call can be defined as a standard feature. See [github-issue 347](https://github.com/admin-shell-io/aas-specs-api/issues/347)

For the file transfer via S3 bucket the submodelDescriptor can be defined like:

```json
{
  "submodelDescriptors": [
    {

>       "idShort": "quality-data",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      "idShort": "qualityData",
```

Reviewer 2: In V3.0 of AAS Spec no hyphens in idShort are allowed. With V3.1 hypens would be allowed. Since not relevant for example use idShort without Hyphen.

      "id": "<uuid>",
      "endpoints": [
        {
          "interface": "AASX-FILE-3.0",
          "protocolInformation": {
             "href": "NONE",
            "endpointProtocol": "HTTP",
            "endpointProtocolVersion": [
              "1.1"
            ],

>             "subprotocol": "",

Reviewer 2: CX-0002 V2.2.0 requires that submodelProtocol = `DSP` not `S3`

>             "subprotocol": "",

Reviewer 2: AAS does define AASX-File interfaces and API:
https://industrialdigitaltwin.io/aas-specifications/IDTA-01002/v3.1/specification/interfaces.html#_aasx_file_server_interface_and_operations
and
https://industrialdigitaltwin.io/aas-specifications/IDTA-01002/v3.1/http-rest-api/service-specifications-and-profiles.html#aasx-file-server-service-specification

An alternative is to define a normal submodel containing a File submodelElement and then implement the operation
https://industrialdigitaltwin.io/aas-specifications/IDTA-01002/v3.1/specification/interfaces.html#GetFileByPath

But you are right: it is not included in CX-0002 that one of these needs to be supported

            "subprotocolBody": "id=<edc-asset-id>;dspEndpoint=<controlplane-url>",
            "subprotocolBodyEncoding": "application/octet-stream",
            "securityAttributes": [
             {"type": "NONE","key": "NONE","value": "NONE"}
             ]
          }
        }
      ],
      "semanticId": {
        "type": "ExternalReference",
        "keys": [
           {
              "type": "GlobalReference",
              "value": "urn:samm:io.catenax.quality_task:2.0.0#FlattenedQualityTask"
           }
        ]
      },
        "description": [
        {
          "language": "en",
          "text": "submodel-descriptor for quality data which will be transferred via EDC S3 bucket."
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

| Parameter               | Value                                                                             | Description                                                           |
|-------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | href                    | ""                                                                                | not used for transfer via s3 bucket                                   |

Reviewer: This in combination with a subprotocol DSP would make sense. The EDC then is used to distinguish the Dataplane / form of provisioning

| subprotocolBody         | id=edc-asset-id;dspEndpoint=controlplane-url                                      | Includes information about provider edc controlplane and edc-asset ID |
| subprotocolBodyEncoding | application/octet-stream;type=parquet-snappy                                      | format of file. The file will be transfer via bucket.                 |
| semanticId.keys[].value | urn:samm:io.catenax.quality_task:2.0.0#FlattenedQualityTask                       | Aspect model which map flatten hierarchy to model                     |
| description[].text      | submodel-descriptor for quality data which will be transferred via S3 bucket.     | Further description for the consumer.                                 |

## Lookup in the Digital Twin Registry

> For a data provider, there are currently the following steps where they have to lookup digital twins of other partners in the Catena-X network.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For a data provider following steps are currently required when they have to lookup digital twins of other partners in the Catena-X network.
```
